Add reference table for each message showing further details (#571)
nats-io/nats.docs: reference/nats-protocol/nats-protocol/README.md

* `go`: The version of golang the NATS server was built with
* `host`: The IP address used to start the NATS server, by default this will be `0.0.0.0` and can be configured with `-client_advertise host:port`
* `port`: The port number the NATS server is configured to listen on
* `max_payload`: Maximum payload size, in bytes, that the server will accept from the client.
* `proto`: An integer indicating the protocol version of the server. The server version 1.2.0 sets this to `1` to indicate that it supports the "Echo" feature.
* `client_id`: An optional unsigned integer (64 bits) representing the internal client identifier in the server. This can be used to filter client connections in monitoring, correlate with error logs, etc...
* `auth_required`: If this is set, then the client should try to authenticate upon connect.
* `tls_required`: If this is set, then the client must perform the TLS/1.2 handshake. Note, this used to be `ssl_required` and has been updated along with the protocol from SSL to TLS.
* `tls_verify`: If this is set, the client must provide a valid certificate during the TLS handshake.
* `connect_urls` : An optional list of server urls that a client can connect to.

> * `ldm`: If the server supports _Lame Duck Mode_ notifications, and the current server has transitioned to lame duck, `ldm` will be set to `true`.

Author: there seems to be a mix of punctuation here, are full stops at the end of each description preferred?

|`connect_urls`|List of server urls that a client can connect to.|[string]|false|
|`ldm`|If the server supports _Lame Duck Mode_ notifications, and the current server has transitioned to lame duck, `ldm` will be set to `true`.|bool|false|

> |`headers`|Whether the server supports headers|bool|false|

Author: happy to reformat all of these tables into 'prettier' versions, but would be good to get confirmation on the content before tuning that.

| `ip`              | The IP of the server.                                                                                                                                                  | string   | optional |
| `client_id`       | The ID of the client.                                                                                                                                                  | string   | optional |
| `client_ip`       | The IP of the client.                                                                                                                                                  | string   | optional |
| `nonce`           | The nonce for use in CONNECT.                                                                                                                                          | string   | optional |
| `cluster`         | The name of the cluster.                                                                                                                                               | string   | optional |

> | `cluster_dynamic` | Whether the cluster is dynamic.                                                                                                                                        | bool     | optional |

Reviewer: `cluster_dynamic` is specific to gateway connections if I recall. This can be removed.

> | `domain`          | The domain name of the server.                                                                                                                                         | bool     | optional |

Author: I have inferred several of the above field descriptions. Let me know if any need altering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `domain`          | The configured NATS domain of the server.                                                                                                                                         | string     | optional |
```

| `lang`          | The implementation language of the client.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | string | true                         |
| `version`       | The version of the client.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | string | true                         |
| `protocol`      | Sending `0` (or absent) indicates client supports original protocol. Sending `1` indicates that the client supports dynamic reconfiguration of cluster topology changes by asynchronously receiving [`INFO`](./#info) messages with known servers it can reconnect to.            | int    | false                        |

> | `echo`          | If set to `false`, the server (version 1.2.0+) will not send originating messages from this connection to its own subscriptions. Clients should set this to `false` only for server supporting this feature, which is when `proto` in the `INFO` protocol is set to at least `1`. | bool   | false                        |

Author: to note - I have flipped the description on this from `true` to `false` since I think it was documented incorrectly. Happy to discuss if necessary.

Reviewer: You are correct, default opts on the server show it is set to `true`.

| `headers`       | Whether the client supports headers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | bool   | false                        |
| `nkey`          | ???.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | string | false                        |
| `account`       | ???.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | bool   | false                        |

> | `account_new`   | ???.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | bool   | false                        |

Author: unsure what these fields are used for without diffing into the server code. If someone does know of the top of their head that would be appreciated.

> | `nkey`          | ???.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | string | false                        |
> | `account`       | ???.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | bool   | false                        |
> | `account_new`   | ???.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | bool   | false                        |

Reviewer: We can drop `account` and `account_new`, it is unclear what these are used for, possibly not for client connections or they are deprecated. For example the [Go client](https://github.com/nats-io/nats.go/blob/main/nats.go#L755) does not have these fields as part of the connect struct.

```suggestion
| `nkey`          | The public NKey to authenticate the client. This will be used to verify the signature (`sig`) against the `nonce` provided in the `INFO` message.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | string | false |
```
